Hi, I'm Eugenie.
There were some poeple who asked for simple Valentine's Day chocolate recipes.
So here goes a 5-ingredient trouffle chocolate recipe.
First, over bain-marie, add in 9 oz of dark chocolate and 2 tablespoons of unsalted butter.
And melt stirring occasionally.
Out of heat add in 1/2 cup of hot whipping cream and stir until homogeneous.
Then stir in 1 tablespoon of Cointreau or Grand Marnier.
Both are French orange cognac.
If you don't have any, vanilla extract will be okay, too.
Now let cool in the refrigerator at least 2 hours, or until chilled.
Out of fridge, make a ball with a teaspoonful of ganache.
Then roll in unsweetened cocoa powder.
This is the basic 5-ingredient chocolate truffle.
And you can also roll the truffle in confectioners’ sugar. Or your choice of chopped nuts.
This is Valentine’s special, so I will use heart shaped confetti.
Voila, French chocolate truffle.
I love rich and luxurious chocolate truffle.
It was easy to make, wasn’t it?
It's delicious, too.
If you are new to Eugenie Kitchen, please subscribe.
And if you want to try this recipe, give me thumbs up!
And you know what?
I made Kakao Story Channel for Eugenie Kitchen. (Korean only)
Or search "Eugenie Kitchen" at Instagram, Facebook, Pinterest, Twitter, and G+.
Find me at various social networks.
Thanks for watching.
Bye for now.